-Clear in the back.
-Copy.
All clear on
the main hall.
-Clear.
The service road a quarter
mile away is also clear.
Hold on.
There's a pigeon
approaching.
Hold the mission.
Shoo.
Shoo. Shoo.
-Shoo.
-Great work with
that pidge, officer.
Detectives, switch
to channel five.
Anyone else getting
a sense Holt's upset
about the new captain
coming tomorrow?
It's bad. This morning
he sighed for the entire length
of our elevator ride.
[sighing]
I wonder who Wuntch is gonna
stick us with this time.
-Clear.
[Jake]
I'm sure it will be
someone terrible,
but we've had bad
bosses before,
and we've always managed
to get rid of them.
-Let's just do that again.
-Hey, listen.
I'm taking this
weekend off.
Do you think you can have the
new captain gone by Monday?
I'm kind of over meeting
new people.
Gone by Monday.
Challenge accepted.
-Clear.
We got a runner!
NYPD, freeze!
Ugh!
Taking down the bad
guys without breaking
up our convo.
That how we do it
in the Nine-Nine.
You're going the
wrong direction.
Damn it. All these
hallways look the same.
That was such a cool walk-off.
[theme song playing]
-'Sup?
-What is happening?
Well, with the new
captain coming in,
this is my chance to
reinvent myself.
So say hello to Chuck Boyle,
office badass.
Wait a minute.
Is that Rosa's jacket?
And follow-up question,
does Rosa's jacket
fit you perfectly?
[scoffs]
You tell me.
You know, just put
on a leather jacket
and become a badass.
You also need a
chunky bracelet
with a fringe.
Wrong. Ever since
Rosa gave me this baby,
people have been treating
me like I'm cool.
The girl at the
coffee shop
even got the name
on my cup right.
It says "Charles,"
not "Cassie."
You know, I think it's
less about the jacket
and more about the fact
that you're feeling confident.
Maybe this cool
version of Charles
was in there all along.
Amy, I love you,
but that's insane.
It's a magic jacket.
-OK.
-So just to be clear,
you think we're dealing with
a "Sisterhood of the Traveling
Pants" situation here?
-Don't know, not familiar.
-You made me watch it!
Look, there's no point in
rebranding yourself
for the new captain--
or should
I say "craptain"--
because they're not gonna
be here for very long anyways,
remember?
Peralta, stop it. I don't want
to hear you bad-mouthing my
replacement around the office.
Do it surreptitiously.
Watch this.
I hear that new
captain's a pill-popper.
-They're on their way up.
-Everyone hide your pills.
Brace yourselves.
You're about to look into
the face of pure evil.
[elevator dings]
Ah, good morning, good
morning, good morning.
I'm Captain Julie Kim.
And I'm Chuck.
If you want results, stay
the hell out of my way.
OK, wow, I guess I know
who the office badass is.
Anyway, I just want to say
how excited am to be
here at the Nine-Nine.
I hear the best things
about this place.
From who?
Madeline Wuntch,
perchance?
Oh, I've never actually
spoken to Acting
Commissioner Wuntch.
I requested the posting
through the C.O.P's office.
I didn't prepare a speech,
uh, but a little about me:
I was the first female
Asian-American captain
in the NYPD,
my guilty pleasure
is charity work,
and what do I do for fun?
Well, basically just
design and build skate parks
for marginalized communities;
and that's me.
What a gigantic turd.
Agreed, an unformed pile.
I don't know; she seemed
kind of awesome to me.
The thing is,
she can't be awesome
'cause she's here
to replace Holt.
But she said as soon as his
year in uniform is finished,
-she's moving on.
-[scoffs]
That's a pretty
generous interpretation
of what she said, Amy.
As soon as his year
in uniform is finished,
I'll be moving on.
OK, fine.
It's exactly what she said.
But she seems like a liar.
-Someone told me
she's a pill-popper.
-Pop-pop.
Well, she's not lying
about her résumé.
Did you know
The Rock's character
in The Fast and the Furious
was based on her?
Hobbs. Or Shaw!
She's not a Hobbs
or a Shaw.
If anything she's a Trevor.
That the guy my mom dated after
she divorced my dad.
-This is all about
your daddy issues?
-Step-daddy issues.
This is a new thing.
I'm complicated.
Anyways, Trevor seemed perfect
too, you know?
He was nice to my mom,
he drove a limousine,
he would take us
out to restaurants.
But then my mom
caught him cheating,
and we never
saw him again.
So it turns out when
people are too good
to be true, they are.
[Terry]
That sucks, Jake,
but I don't think
Captain Kim's a Trevor.
Oh really? She could have had
her choice of any precinct.
Why would she choose
this lame temporary
posting here?
I'll tell you why:
because Madeline Wuntch
sent her.
-So what do we do?
-I'm glad you asked.
You know how Captain Kim
wants to have individual
meetings with us
to assess our
"personal strengths"
and help us
"achieve our goals"?
-Stupid B.
-I say we use those meetings
to figure out why
she's really here.
She may seem perfect,
but I guarantee you,
there's a "but."
And I'm gonna find
that "but" and drill
down on it.
Come on, man. You have
to know how that sounds.
Shut up, cool Charles.
I hate this new dynamic.
Lieutenant, thanks
for coming in.
First off, do you have
any questions for me?
Just one. Why would
someone of your pedigree
choose the Nine-Nine?
Well, why would you
choose to stay here
as long as you have?
This is my family--
second family.
I have a wife and three
kids at home.
Oh, please tell me
you have pictures.
I may have one or two...
hard drives at my desk.
Let me grab 'em
real fast, OK?
So, Captain Kim,
I've been going
through your files--
And I've been going
through yours.
-Very impressive stuff!
-Oh.
Not just the case work,
but look at how
they're organized--
the penmanship,
color coding.
How do you get such
straight margins
on a hand-written
document?
Oh, well, I like to say
when it comes to margins...
[Both]
There's no margin for error.
-[gasps]
-[both] Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha!
So you supposedly build
skate parks, huh?
What are your three
favorite tricks?
Oh, gingersnap,
plasma spin,
roast beef grab.
What about you?
Ollies. And the roast beef
one that you said.
It doesn't matter.
We're both skaters.
Let's move on.
Well, I've been looking through
your recent evaluations,
and I don't think
you belong here.
Ohh! I knew it.
You want to get rid of me.
Well, you know what?
You can't fire me,
because I quit!
Metaphorically.
Obviously, for medical
insurance reasons,
it's much better
if do you fire me.
I'm not firing you.
I'm very impressed
by your talent
and record,
and it just so happens
I have a friend in the FBI
who is looking for
an NYPD liaison officer.
So what do you say?
-So what did you say?
-I told her I'd rather
stick my entire head
inside a giraffe's
long, blond butt
than accept a job
offer from her.
-Mm-hmm.
-You said that?
In my head.
In my mouth I said
I would think about it
and get back to her.
She'll get the message
when I dilly-dally.
Working with the FBI.
That's your dream job, Jake.
First of all, my dream
job is spy
falsely accused of
betraying his country,
forced to work alone
to clear his name
by taking down the mysterious
organization that framed him
known only as S.H.A.D.E.
Secondly,
it wasn't a real job offer.
-She's up to something.
-Mm-hmm.
Maybe she's just
a nice person. I mean,
she did seem genuinely
interested in my kids.
Look, did any of you get
a straight answer from her
about why she's at
at Nine-Nine, hmm?
Right, me neither.
But guess what.
I called the C.O.P. office,
and they said the form
to transfer her here
wasn't signed by them--
it was signed by Wuntch.
-She lied.
-Mm-hmm.
Just because Wuntch signed
an order doesn't mean
they know each other.
Will you wake up?
That woman is a demon, and it
couldn't be more obvious.
Oh, here you are.
I have to say how great it
was talking to you all,
and I wanted to let you know
about a party I'm throwing
at my house tomorrow night.
Are you interested?
Oh, well, we will think
about it and get back to you.
-Great. Just let me know.
-Great.
And now...
we dilly-dally.
Mm-hmm.
-What are you guys doing here?
-What do you mean?
We're going to the party.
[Amy]
You said you
weren't coming.
You said that Captain Kim
was a Trevor
and that she only invited
us to earn our trust
-so she could have
sex with our mom.
-It was very confusing.
[laughs]
I never said that.
But it's not confusing.
I mean, our "mom" is
obviously the precinct,
and Captain Kim having
sex with the precinct
is actually her teaming
up with Madeline Wuntch
to destroy it.
It's a perfect analogy,
which I never used.
What's up, guys?
Why are we standing
around outside?
Is your walk different?
Are you strutting?
Don't know what you're
talking about. It's how
I always walk, bitch.
Let's roll!
Bitch?
Welcome.
The bar is in the back.
And they're coming
around with food.
I use the most wonderful
catering company.
They only hire ex-convicts to
give them a second chance.
-Oh, that's wonderful.
-Get in here and
meet everyone.
Oh, Lieutenant, I want
to introduce you
to my old neighbor, John.
He's the head of admissions
at the Calder Academy
in the Bronx.
Calder? That's the best
elementary school in the city.
Their mock trial team gets
hired to work real cases.
And, Chuck, my friend from
Major Crimes is here.
-You're gonna love him.
-Maybe I will, maybe I won't.
Well, uh, come on.
Let's go.
-Oh, let me talk your coat.
-No! I need it.
Oh. This way.
All right, I know what's
going on here.
You two still don't
trust Captain Kim,
and you're here
to snoop on her.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Please.
Look at your shoes.
You only wear sneakers
for their literal purpose:
sneaking.
That's crazy. He's wearing
perfectly normal--
No, she's right.
The clown shoes
gave me away.
OK, look, Captain Kim
lied to us.
There's something in
this house that proves
she's been conspiring
with Madeline Wuntch,
and we're gonna find it.
[sighs]
I am not letting you
snoop around in her stuff
and ruin this party.
Oh, OK. Well, good luck
trying to stop us.
Oh-ho-ho, Jake.
You don't know who you're
dealing with, do you?
I was student chaperone
at every dance from
middle school on.
I've stopped more horny
teenagers from making out
to Savage Garden
than you can count.
Cool story, but we're
not horny teens.
We're horny adults.
And tonight we're
goin' all the way.
Come on, Holt,
let's shake this narc.
[Amy]
That's right, I am a NARC--
a Nationally Accredited
and Registered Chaperone!
So what grade are
your daughters in?
They're in sixth grade.
Oh, wait, I'm sorry,
that's their reading level.
They're in second.
Wow. They sound
quite impressive.
Oh good, the food.
I'm starving.
-Hello, Detective Jeffords.
-Do I know you?
Ronald Palmer.
You arrested me
ten years ago.
-You testified at my trial.
-Oh, heeeey!
-What have you been up to?
-Prison.
Prison, yeah.
I shouldn't have asked.
I spent ten long years thinking
about what I would do
if I ever saw you again.
Lettuce cup?
Uh...
Oh. Do you think I'm
trying to poison you?
Am I always gonna be
a criminal in your eyes
even though I've
served my time?
No, no, no.
I'm just not hungry
right now.
Oh, you said you
were starving.
Yes, John. Thanks for
reminding me, John.
All right here we go,
approaching the mail...
stay cool, and... doink.
Now we've just got
to find a private place
to look at these.
Through here to
the guest bath.
-Ahh!
-Seriously?
The bathroom sneak-off?
It didn't work for Dana McAlpin
trying to smoke a joint
at the Winter Carnival Dance,
and it's not gonna
work for you.
Gimme the mail.
Hmm, you just got
chaperoned--
O-W-N-E-D.
Spelling is never cool.
Wrong, that was
extremely cool.
Now I understand why
you're into her.
Now you understand?
You officiated our wedding.
Whatever. We need to
figure out a way
to get her off our tail.
-Good luck with that.
-Ahh!
What are you two
doing over here,
waiting for the caterers
before they make their
way into the crowd?
We're snooping on
Captain Kim,
but let me guess:
she seduced you as well.
-Is she doing that to people?
-Not literally.
Oh, Michael! Norm! I didn't
realize you arrived.
Come with me,
I want to make
an introduction.
[whispers]
Don't worry, Jake.
You're our friend.
We're on your side no matter--
Holy crap!
Look at those chairs!
I know you two
like to sit,
and these are the most
comfortable chairs ever.
Give 'em a try.
[both]
Ooh!
It's like there's something
great at this party
for everyone, even me.
She's serving my favorite
dessert: carrots.
Wait a minute. That's it.
If there's something
great for everyone,
there's something
great for the narc.
Babe. Hi! How are you
enjoying the party?
Trying to chat me up?
It won't work.
Chaperone code forbids
fraternization
with chaperonees.
OK, fine, I'll just leave
you alone, then.
I really quickly did
want to introduce you
to someone, though.
This is Margo.
She's a friend of
Captain Kim's,
-and apparently she invented
a new type of binder.
-What?
"New type of binder"
seems reductive.
Would you call a car
a new kind of horse?
-No.
-This is the future
of organization.
Oh, my God.
Tell me everything.
And you have been
chaper-powned.
-What?
-Nothing. Love you. Binders.
So Cap tells me you're
in "Major Crimes."
Yeah, workin'
something big.
Can't tell you who
the target is,
but let's just say he's done
a bunch of disturbing things,
and he's on
the Yankees.
[whistles]
You play poker?
Eh, used to. Got tired
of winning all the time.
[chuckles]
Well, I have a
weekly game.
It's mostly Broadway stars
and celebrity chefs,
not exactly my crowd, but
they are high rollers.
Spot opened up;
you want in?
I don't know, seems kind of
lame, but I'll stop by.
[clicks tongue]
[woman]
Excuse me.
I know you from somewhere.
Do you go to my gym?
Oh, nah. I work out
in my garage,
throw the tire around,
grab a couple big
ropes and do this.
Mm-hmm.
Here's my number.
Maybe I could come
over some time and--
I don't know--
you could work me out.
OK, we've got her
meeting the mayor,
her dog-sitting for Bo Obama,
Malala giving her an award,
but no photos of Wuntch.
That's because vampires
don't appear on film.
Perhaps we should
be looking for
a 17th-century woodblock print.
Good idea.
Let's keep movin'.
-[Captain Kim] Hello?
-She's coming. Hide.
Title of your
sex tape?
In here.
Hello.
Is anyone up here?
[lock clicks]
Well, looks like we
just found the key
to exposing Captain Kim.
It's the key that's
in her pocket.
Yes, obviously that's
what I meant.
We need to get that key.
How are you at picking pockets?
Does this answer
your question?
-Whose wallet is that?
-It's mine.
But it came out so smooth
I barely even felt it.
All right, fine,
I'm terrible
at pickpocketing.
But if she was distracted,
I bet I could pull it off.
Maybe you could create
a drunken scene or something?
Why? What would
my motivation be
for such poor behavior?
I don't know. Anything.
No, I need something
to draw from.
Have I had a row
with Kevin?
Did something happen
to Cheddar?
Has a new captain
moved into my precinct,
usurped my position, and won
the affection and admiration
of people I've spent
the last seven years
building relationships with,
people I once considered
my chosen family,
whom I foolheartedly
hoped would provide me
the unconditional love
and support that I never got
from my own
flesh and blood?
I think you should go
with the last one.
-That last one
seemed good. Yeah.
-Yeah.
This is the best
night of my life.
People believe I work
out with ropes,
a mega-babe hit on me,
and the bartender didn't
assume I just wanted a
Bay Breeze.
Hey, you-- cool guy!
Were you flirting with
my girlfriend out back?
Calm down, hotshot.
I'm taken.
Look, I'll throw away
her number.
That's it, you
and me outside!
Oh, brother.
Come on, guys.
I gotta go squash this bug.
Of course, at Calder
we're not just looking
for good students.
We want compassionate
members of the community.
Great. Terry has a passion
for compassion.
-Turkey pinwheel?
-Oh, you're back again.
You seem to working
this one spot a lot.
Well, we're old friends,
remember?
I'll ask again:
turkey pinwheel?
Why is there just one?
I made it special--
for you.
How is it special?
There's a little
something extra in it.
Wait, are you still
suspicious of me?
You don't think I deserve
a second chance?
Impossible.
Lieutenant Jeffords has
a passion for compassion.
Yeah, you're right.
You know what?
I will take this pinwheel.
Mmm, delicious!
[chuckling]
[jazz piano music]
Excuse me, does it seem
slightly warm to anyone?
I feel it is quite... warm.
What was that?!
You were supposed to
cause a drunken scene.
I was. I raised the
volume of my voice 9%.
as inebriated people do,
and I spoke of the resultant
rise in body temperature.
Well, you need
to do more.
More than that?
Pfft, OK.
Oh, I love this song.
Oh, I'll have
one of those.
That was more?!
I paired a crab cake with
a Côtes du Rhône,
-like an animal.
-OK, we need a new plan.
No, no, I have
just the thing.
It's gonna be
too small again.
You have to really--
-I'm going to throw
myself down the stairs.
-What?
Ahh! Augh!
[all exclaim]
Raymond, are you OK?
Someone call a doctor!
[Holt]
No need. I'm fine.
I'm fine!
Look, man, I don't
want any trouble.
[voice cracking]
She's gonna leave me,
isn't she?
Oh. You're crying?
Of course she wants
someone like you.
You're so cool.
-Thank you. It's true.
-What's your secret?
How can I become
more like you?
Here. This is all
you need.
It'll change your life.
Trust me.
Did you just give away
your magic jacket?
Oh, Terry, it wasn't
the jacket.
I realize now that
Chuck was in here.
I've had another man deep
inside me this whole time.
-Welcome back, Charles.
-Oh, right away?
It was the jacket!
Now let's see if you do
know Madeline Wuntch.
-Gotcha.
-[dog growling]
-[dog barks]
-Oh, boy.
-Hey.
-[snarling]
Easy.
[dog barks]
-[distant clatter]
-What happened? Am I OK?
[party guests screaming]
Oh, I see what happened.
He went downstairs
and killed everyone else.
Phew.
That worked out.
[somber music]
Terry. Terry!
Terry, are you OK?
I'm fine. But that dog
came right at me.
And I have no idea why!
It looked like you had a lot
of food in your pockets.
What? No.
That's not true.
This jacket never had
any pockets.
-This is the style.
-Oh, my God.
You did think I was
poisoning you.
I mean, you were the
one who said he spent
every day in prison dreaming
of the day we'd meet again.
So I could prove
to you I'd changed!
-You said you put something
extra in my food!
-Love!
Well, you said
it so creepy.
Look, tone is everything, man.
I've been talking to
a cinder block wall
for the last ten years.
I'm sorry if my social skills
leave something to be desired.
That is a really
good explanation.
Everybody, the dog is
leashed up out back.
Did anyone get hurt?
We're all fine,
thanks to this guy.
Tackling a pit bull without
spilling your whiskey-- badass.
Eh, it was nothing.
His teeth couldn't even
penetrate the jacket.
Hey, I have an opening
in a weekly poker game.
-You interested?
-But you said I could come.
I just think Broadway star
Sutton Foster's
gonna like the other
guy a little bit better.
No.
Everybody, I am so, so sorry.
I don't understand
how Linus got out.
I had him locked upstairs
in my bedroom.
I have the key right here.
Wait, where's the key?
All right, quit
joking around, guys.
Who's got the key?
You broke
into my bedroom?
Well, this wouldn't
have been a problem
if didn't she have
a vicious guard dog that's
protecting her secrets.
Linus is not a guard dog,
and he's not vicious.
He was locked in my room
because he gets skittish
around crowds.
I just rescued him from
a dog-fighting ring.
-[all] Awwwww.
-Don't "aww" her, all right?
She's a liar,
and I have proof.
Remember how she said she
didn't know Madeline Wuntch?
Well, then explain why
she has an email from her
-dated two weeks ago,
subject: Raymond Holt.
-Mm-hmm.
Peralta, why don't you
read that email aloud
for everyone?
Oh, you'd love that,
wouldn't you? Wait a minute.
Why would you love that?
This is gonna be bad
for me, isn't it?
Amy, you read it.
-No.
-I'll do it, Jakey.
Oh, the old Charles is back.
"Julia, we've never
spoken..."
Mm-hmm, four words in,
and it's already pretty
bad for me.
"But your transfer to the
Nine-Nine is a foolish one.
They are a dysfunctional
precinct commanded by
a rancid old prune,
Raymond Holt.
But in recognition of your
exemplary service,
I will honor your wishes.
Wuntch."
But then why are you
at the Nine-Nine?
-I'm here for you.
-Aha!
Because you're my hero.
Oof. I am off today.
You overcame so much
to become a captain.
It made me feel like I could
accomplish anything.
So when the chance came
up to work with you,
I jumped at it.
But why not just
tell me that?
Because you were so down
about being in uniform,
I didn't want it to
come across as pity.
Ah, well, what a sweet
and thoughtful moment,
which would not have
been possible without
my meddling.
How dare you try to
weasel out of this
when the love of my
life is splattered
all over that room.
-The chair?
-Get her name out
of your mouth!
-Her name is "the chair"?
-I warned you!
So you think things will be
weird with Captain Kim?
Nah, she's so perfect.
I'm sure she's already
moved past it,
and we'll have a
great year together.
-Yeah.
Captain Kim asked
for an immediate transfer.
She is no longer
part of the Nine-Nine.
-What?
-She said she respected you all,
but there was obviously
too much history here,
and she'd always feel
like an interloper.
Oh, man, you guys.
I almost feel like
this is all my fault.
-Agreed.
-What?
You encouraged me.
You kept saying, "Mm-hmm."
I was going through
something difficult.
You have no excuse.
He's kind of right,
Jake.
-What was going on there?
-I don't know.
I guess I'm just
overly paranoid
from everything that's
happened here, you know,
with Kelly and Wuntch
and Trevor and Rolf.
-Who's Rolf?
-Oh, mom my dated Rolf
after she broke up with Trevor.
He was also a limo driver,
and he also cheated on her.
[gasps]
The problem is with
limo drivers!
-Babe, it's not.
-It's not?
-No.
-OK, thanks. I love you.
[Terry]
Look, man, I get it.
There's no question
we've been burned
a bunch as squad.
But you not giving someone
the benefit of the doubt
cost us a good captain!
I know. You're right.
Look, I'm really sorry.
But your heart was
in the right place.
And I had to pay Captain Kim,
like, $3700 in damages.
-You did what?!
-The point is,
everyone accepted my apology,
Amy, right, Charles?
-You betcha, Jakey.
-See?
Fremulon
-Not a doctor.
-Shh.